Update cloud-seats-and-users.md (#3497)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/cloud-seats-and-users.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" width="85%" title="Navigate to Account Settings" />

2. In **Account Settings**, select **Billing**. 

> 3. Enter the number of developer seats you want and fill in the Payment information (including Billing information) and press 'Update Payment Information' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the number of developer seats you want and make sure you fill in all the payment details, including the **Billing Address** section. Leaving these blank won't allow you to save your changes.
4. Press **Update Payment Information** to save your changes. 
```
